Security has deteriorated, rubbish has piled up on the streets and police turn a blind eye to Cairo's steadily worsening traffic.
But 25 years later, "21 Jump Street" the TV show is remembered primarily as the career kickstarter of Johnny Depp as a young actor with an obvious something.
One witness told how he watched his sister being raped and an old woman have her throat slit; another how he saw a pregnant woman buried alive; a third of how she was enslaved and branded; a fourth of how he had first one arm, then the other, chopped off with an axe.
How much further Obama's lead will grow and whether it proves lasting will be key questions over the next week.
With their third-round pick, they chose Demario Davis, a linebacker from Arkansas State.
Ms. Lee said she believed the shooting had occurred in the same building as her classroom.
In the case of, for example, Bangladesh, where much of the cotton used in manufacturing is traditionally from Uzbekistan, Ikea suppliers are required to buy from India.
Subs: White, Pickersgill, Haggerty, Mullally.
Razor wire still surrounds the Ministry of the Interior headquarters, where demonstrators still occasionally gather.
The latter seems more likely.
But there were signs by the end of the week that it was having some effect.
The Taliban were not immediately available for comment Sunday.
The diversity of the United Kingdom, and the strength and cultural enrichment that we draw from it are what makes it unique and to be prized.
Just occasionally, she wanders close to distraction - not yielding to daydream, exactly, but failing to focus on the matter at hand:
Updated at 4:44 p.m.
Historically the debate has not shifted opinions, rather confirmed them.
And then there is the widespread recognition that a recent college graduate who at 6 feet, 3 inches is small by pro-basketball standards would probably not have emerged from China's tightly controlled sports development system, which relies heavily on weeding out all but the most likely top-performing athletes from a young age.
So, back to why this settlement is such good news.
In it each person plays two of the six rounds with each of his three teammates.
A need is electricity; a want is cable.
"You are seeing all generations here, people fighting for equality for decades," Aaron Pickus, press secretary to Seattle Mayor Mike McGinn, told CNN.
Though I wouldn't argue with Cramer's logic that both companies are in trouble, it's not exactly a bolt-from-the-blue realization, nor is it news to the market.
Several polls show him trailing Rick Santorum in Michigan, though the race seems to be getting tight again.
This year's wheat crop looks really good and the forecasts are not showing any real cold snaps for roughly the next 10 days," he said.
El Khalifi selected a location to be dropped off.
In the 2005 case, Zimmerman entered a pre-trial diversion program and took an anger-management class, Umansky said.
See all the looks from Belgian designer Raf Simons' first prêt-à-porter collection for French fashion house Christian Dior.
Again typically, he blamed himself for his charge's earlier defeats.
He had to turn in his uniforms the other day and said it was a very emotional moment.
Flabbergasted after a pale performance at Nancy in late October, when a late Ibrahimovic goal sealed victory, he visibly struggled for a line with which to open his press conference.
Liz Kershaw, who said that when she complained to the BBC about the abuse she was asked if she was a lesbian.
" (Katniss) was always very hard on Haymitch and making fun of him but I love Woody so much that it almost didn't come across that way, and there were some scenes where we ended up finishing each other's sentences and laughing together, so she kind of softens Haymitch a little sooner," said the actress.
I personally think this doesn't necessarily account for this movie, but the most interesting sex scenes that I've done or seen are the ones that are truthful from a women's perspective - instead of what I think everybody got used to in the "80s and "90s: put on a black Victoria's Secret demi bra and be lit perfectly and arch your back.
But among others, the programs raised uncomfortable parallels to Mao's disastrous Cultural Revolution crusade against capitalism, in which millions died or were persecuted, and smacked of demagoguery.
Price: $213.17 on Amazon.com plus $8.99 per month subscription
England Under-20 international Matt Phillips and Celtic defender Charlie Mulgrew have been called up for the first time by Craig Levein for Scotland's friendly international in Slovenia next week.
"We are nowhere near where we need to be as a team," he says after the game.
The fans are voting for him, they want to see Matt Kemp.
Time and again, we brush off the horror, believing that nothing like that will happen to us or anyone we know.
AP Photo/Dan Steinberg, File
On Wednesday, Garcia filed a lawsuit for fraud and slander against Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, the man behind "Innocence of Muslims" who has gone into hiding since the trailer rose to prominence last week.
When it comes to holiday decorating, Adler says follow these five decorating tips.
Kiwi, now owned by American consumer goods giant SC Johnson, is made in Jakarta and in Britain it appears to be cutting down on the colours it offers.
Military leaders, however, have said such a large scale national tribute was inappropriate considering nearly 90,000 U.S. troops are still fighting in Afghanistan.
"In order to revolutionize space, we absolutely must have a fully and rapidly reusable rocket," he told Space.com.
It also extended San Antonio's winning streak to four, the longest all season.
It's great for me as well.
Maryland trolley company halts wedding rides after gay marriage law
Psychologist Alessandro Meluzzi says that's when men snap.
"Rehabilitation is a fundamental principle of British justice and we still believe in it," added Powar.
15 (UPI) -- Thierry Henry scored two goals and assisted on a third Saturday, sending Red Bull New York to a 3-1 decision over Columbus.
Controversial Obama Documentary Is a Hit in Texas
The sad and frightening fact is Jerry Sandusky was a master deceiver.
India had suspended most ties with Pakistan after the attacks, but has moved to restore trade and other links in the past year while pressing Pakistan to track down members of the suspected organizer, the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) militant group based in Pakistan.
There appear to be precious few British examples of quite such parental heavy-handedness.
Thai people love to gamble, the more the merrier, and they're happy to have another way.
THE SNP has backed landmark legislation that will hand sweeping new powers to the Scottish Parliament, despite five out of the party's six key demands being rejected.
Just the mere sight of a Yoda-inspired Angry Bird makes the purchase meaningful.
It will be the second time in as many years that the club has gone into administration.
The issue has dominated meetings of hockey's umbrella organizations this season.
Audience with pope brought exchange of gifts and ideas, says Lady Warsi
Lee Clark succeeds Chris Hughton as Birmingham manager
Last month, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un visited the North Korean islands from which his troops had fired on Yeonpyeong.
Right one inch.
"I can tell you there aren't people pouring out into the streets asking for access," Bounds said.
He was also for many years a member of the Lothian Health Board.
Why we all need divorce decorum
Suddenly I began to believe that all the idiot warnings couldn't be ignored any more.
In addition, Roger Clark, a retired Los Angeles County sheriff's lieutenant, testified that the officers used unreasonable force and failed to promptly seek medical treatment for Cornejo.
The gig: Doug Belgrad is president of Columbia Pictures, the primary film label for Culver City-based entertainment giant Sony Pictures and the home of such movies as "Spider-Man,""Grown Ups" and "Moneyball."
It may be nearly impossible to accept that Victorian Britain, with its frock coats and parasols, had anything in common with present-day India, where "ladies" and "gentlemen" are primarily toilet signs.
According to the 2012 Retirement Confidence Survey by the Employee Benefit Research Institute (EBRI), only 42 percent of all workers report that they've tried to calculate how much money they'll need in retirement.
Alan David Shannon.
What I'm saying is that we should have, or perhaps could have, done more before," he told RTL Radio.
This is an implicit recognition that oil is going to be a huge earner in the years to come.
Davis recounted a conversation with an Afghan police officer in eastern Afghanistan in Kunar province less than three hours after an insurgent attack.
After a prolonged period of 'jobless growth' the US economy is now creating jobs at a far healthier pace.
He wanted someone to run the motion picture division.
Republicans are most likely to say they want "a true conservative" (32 percent) on the ticket with Romney when asked about preferred attributes.
The nature of that review will reflect the developments in and, in due course, the outcome of the investigation.
Watney eliminated Tiger Woods on the 18th hole Thursday, despite a poor round of putting.
"The reality for Australian people is we import 72 per cent of our seafood," he said.
Korea Q2 mfg business sentiment rebounds: survey
Instead, the ball went over Asmir Begovic and in having come off the head of the unfortunate Shawcross, who had been trying to clear Pienaar's cross.
Bradford City penalty shoot-out record following history-making victory over Arsenal
Inside, there's a big turmoil.
Ralph Orlowski / Reuters
The leader of that brigade, Ansar al-Sharia, on Tuesday denied any ties to Al Qaeda or responsibility for the attacks, although he praised Al Qaeda's leader, Ayman al-Zawahri, and lauded the group's goals.
The size of the package was larger than expected, partially removing a cloud that has been hanging over financial markets.
As a constitutional, though not an emotional, fact, it was what Anne called "an entire and perfect Union."
With the territory they controlled shrinking--due in large part to operations carried out by the Western-backed African Union peacekeeping mission (AMISOM) --Al-Shabab consolidated their efforts around Kismayo, Somalia's second-most strategic city after Mogadishu.
Abraham Lincoln rose to prominence arguing against slavery and attacking the Dred Scott decision.
In his first public briefing on the issue since he took up the job, Laajava said he had held a series of meetings with regional states and they shared the goal of establishing such a zone but they differed on how and when to do so.
Earlier this week, I wrote about Sesame Street's ambitious effort to incorporate more math and science into its current season as a way to inspire more children to take an early interest in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) subjects.
As my colleague Danny Taylor pointed out in his preview of tonight's match, despite being top of the Italian league, Milan are "generating only modest acclaim for their performances and widely seen as falling short when it comes to what it takes to win Europe's premier club competition."
The loss of Van Persie carries the same desperate implications that came with the departures of Fabregas and Nasri.
They can try out.
While 88-year-old President Mugabe has been criticized for turning what was once one of Africa's strongest economies into a basket case, Tsvangirai is now facing public questions about his judgment.
In the depths of the Depression, architect Frank Lloyd Wright developed a housing style called Usonian.
"We can no longer stay silent because they have harmed the nation and the revolution and we need to rebuild Egypt," Mr Abdelfattah told Al-Jazeera television.
